=head1 NAME

stonesh - The "Stone Shell"

=head1 SYNOPSIS

stonesh

stonesh -c "[host]"

stonesh -c "[host] [command]"

stonesh -c "[keyword] [host]"

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The "Stone Shell" stonesh(1) is a restrictive shell intended to run
on bastion hosts and control access to internal hosts.  The stonesh provides
two main mechanisms for connecting to internal hosts.  

=over 6

=item Bastioned connections

Bastion connections are connections where the user requests access to an 
internal host and stonesh initiates a controlled ssh(1) session from the
bastion host itself.

=item Proxied connections

Proxied connections are connections where the user requests access to an
internal host and stonesh initiates a controlled nc(1) session from the 
bastion host.  Proxied connections are requested by using ssh's 
ProxyCommand option.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 6

=item -c "[[host] [command]] | [[keyword] [host]]"

Command to run.  This is typical for most shells.  There are two formats 
for the commands.

=over 6

=item bastioned connections

[host] [command, args, ...]

=item proxied connections

[keyword] [host]

=back

=item -C [configuration file]

Specify an alternate configuration file to use.  Mostly for debugging purposes.

=item -v

Display version information.

=back

=head1 USAGE

The user's shell should be set to stonesh either directly or indirectly
through chrooted environment setup.

=over 6

=item ssh [bastion]

Initiate a connection to the bastion host and run stonesh in bastion mode.  Since an
internal host was not specified stonesh(1) will prompt for the host.

=item ssh [bastion] [host]

Initiate a connection to the bastion host and run stonesh in bastion mode to the 
specified host.

=item ssh -t [bastion] "[host] [command] [args...]"

Initiate a connection to the bastion host and run stonesh in bastion mode to the 
specified host and run the specified command.

=item ssh -oProxyCommand="ssh [bastion] [keyword] %h" -oLogLevel=Quiet [host]

Initiate a proxied connection to the specified host.

=back 

=head1 BUGS

None to report yet

=head1 AUTHOR

Bennett Samowich <bennett@foolean.org>

=head1 SEE ALSO

hosts.lst(5) stonesh.conf(5)

