=head1 NAME

stonesh.conf - stonesh configuration file

=head1 SYNOPSIS

/etc/stonesh/stonesh.conf

=head1 DESCRIPTION

stonesh(1) reads configuration data from /etc/stonesh/stonesh.conf.  The file contains keyword-argument pairs, one per line.  Lines starting with '#' and empty lines are interpreted as comments.  Arguments may optionally be enclosed in double quotes (") in order to represent arguments containing spaces.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 6

=item B<debug> [true|false]

Turns debug logging on or off.

default: false

=item B<authorizedServiceTag> [text]

Tag to prepend to the hostname when querying LDAP for proxied access authorization.

default: proxy

=item B<enableProxy> [true|false]

Enables or disables proxied session setup.  When disabled only bastioned connections are permitted.

default: false

=item B<proxyKeyword>

Keyword the client must use to request a proxied session.

=over 6

I<Example:>

ssh -oProxyCommand="ssh bastion <keyword> %h" <host>

=back

default: direct

=item B<useLDAP> [true|false]

Enable or disable the use of LDAP for client authorization.

default: true

=item B<LDAPuri> [uri]

The LDAP URI used to connect to the LDAP server.

default: the value found in ldap.conf

=item B<LDAPbase> [base]

The search base for LDAP queries.

default: the value found in ldap.conf

=item B<HostsFile> [file]

File containing the list of hosts that stonesh will permit access to.

default: /etc/stonesh/hosts.lst

=item B<sshPath> [path]

Full path to the ssh binary to use for bastioned sessions.  

default: /usr/bin/ssh

=item B<ncPath> [path]

Full path to the netcat binary to use for proxied sessions.

default: /bin/nc

=item B<GeoIP> [path]

Full path to the IPv4 GeoIP database

default: /usr/share/GeoIP/GeoIP.dat

=item B<GeoIP6> [path]

Full path to the IPv6 GeoIP database

default: /usr/share/GeoIP/GeoIP6.dat

=back

=head1 NOTES

When used in a chrooted environment, sshPath and ncPath can be used to alter the actual binary called during session setup.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bennett Samowich <bennett@foolean.org>

=head1 SEE ALSO

stonesh(1) hosts.lst(5) 

